
1. Hammer Revelation
[Musick: Zamoth/ Destructhor]

A depiction of the lamb, the lion, deplorably portrayed. 
The beast, the dragon, as in shadowy imagery, 
have the power to take away peace on earth. 
The threshold's here as the sun turns black, 
the moon red like blood and stars falling down. 
Babylon falling, the last of the antagonistic battles, 
the madman chained for a thousand of years. 
Use your eyes and you will see it, bright and shining. 
A moment of your time, a glimpse of your (brave) new world

Your revelation, in apocalyptic terms, 
the hammer, separating fiction from reality. 
Embrace the notion, embrace the moment. 
Who are the ones to tell the truth, 
who are the ones to tell what to believe? 
The depiction is therefore all you`ve got.

The hammer is mine, the revelation is yours. 
Am I God or am I the Devil? 
It`s a comprehensible, yet complex, reality, 
because it means that when the past has caught up with the present, 
we have no future.

2. Deduced to Overkill
[Musick: Zamoth/ Destructhor]

Ultra death, hardcore trash; give me your call. 
Holy death, in presence of which I gave you it all
Conformity through terror, rapture through restrain. 
It's like putting your life all down the drain.

Godflesh; how do you cope? 
A leap out of faith, time to find the rope. 
Deadmeat; look into my eyes, 
how could you possibly believe the lies?

Deduced to Overkill, defunct totality. 
An abstract netherworld with no absence of fundamentality. 
It is where you will be. 
Existentialism - living hell - condemned to be free

3. Chaos Deathcult
[Musick: Zamoth/ Destructhor/ T. Akkerhaugen]

Esoteric knowledge about the last of things. 
My sweet eschatological vision. 
Foundation for the renewal of the world, 
immemorial sins, never redeemed. 
Suppressed, oppressed, never redeem again. 
The sulphur-kingdom, purgatory, hell`s damnation, 
no man will be perditioned for all time.

Where is your millennium? 
Where is your kingdom of a thousand years? 
What you see is a world of hate, of pitiness, 
never again to be set in state. 
What you see is what you get.

Evolving chaos, death the inevitable force
It`s your cult, your mission

Misery - a necessary evil
Sympathy - a tool for fools
Death - the ultimate function
Mercy - a waste of grace

Every man is therefore guilty of all the good he did.

4. Storm Detonation
[Musick: Zamoth/ Destructhor]

Manifestation of the Storm Detonation. 
Abandonment, renunciation, nuclear abrasion. 
Maximum reality, ultimate reality. 
What do you long for, Doomsday or Alienation?

The first and the last of global warnings, 
as in withered ill-willed spirit. 
Psychic dweller, 
fearing the lies that surround you like a mental grip.

Aborticide as altruistic moral. 
Backflashes from a past that once was, 
memories from another day. 
A depleted human race. 
An echo that reflects and consolidates the super-humaneous will. 
Will to Power, 
Call to Power.

Utopian abattoir, a derisive reality. 
Clouds, embracing the highland of earth, 
as shadows from another time, 
predicting the depredations of Terra Mater.

Tell the tale of a grand magnificent new world. 
Tell the tale of a thousand years. 
Tell the tale of the Storm Detonation, 
manifested in every fatalistic soul, 
asking if you want Doomsday or Alienation

5. Zycloned
[Musick: Zamoth/ Trym]

Stereogothic void - predestination of being. 
Psychothronic schizoid - conditioning the future. 
Past without content - life without meaning

The New World Inc. executes standardization 
   in a futuristic framework of sterility. 
Why is everything so constant? 
Why doesn`t things change? 
You`ll never be alone again.

Patterns of dominant contraception displaying. 
The New World Inc. deciding your mental agenda. 
Creations of a disillusioned mind. 
Never forsake the Providence; 
the mind-altered herald. 
Deathlike silence - cyber scenario turns the ego.

Inbred conveyer - psychedelic vultures disrupting the social order. 
Segregation, still no reason to inhale the dirt. 
No sivilization without stability, 
no individual equilibrium without emotional equality.

Stereogothic void - predestination of being. 
Psychothronic schizoid - conditioning the future.
It`s nightfall and world-wide disinfection. 
It`s a Z-kloned syndrome revealing spirituality as something absent. 
You`ll never be alone again.

6. Terrordrome
[Musick: Zamoth/ Destructhor]

What can be heard of the sentiment of soilent green?. 
The B-29 Bomber, Enola Gay; a personified Grim Reaper, 
leaving behind a mushroom-cloud and heavy ground haze, 
a manmade eclipse,creating a constant defunct totality. 
Hell on earth, who`s to blame for erasing an entire society?

The crushing shockwave, man`s plutonium implosion, 
wounding the surface like a dying prey. 
Black carbonised concrete, distorted metals, 
appearing like deformed burned skeletons. 
Boiling exhalation, melted glass, 
twisted scrap iron as grotesque deadlike trees, 
portraying man`s ability to annihilate himself. 
Everything has become nothing in just a moment of time.

What remains is a sight that no man has ever seen. 
A graveyard with not a tombstone standing. 
An inconceivable testimony of human ill-will. 
The greatest deed ever in a world never to rise again.

7. Worm World
[Musick: Zamoth/ Destructhor]

Planetary sickness, the state of the world. 
Time, Death, God; 
inbreed overkill altered through decayed moral causing global infection. 
Compulsion of matter, 
the remaining part of dreariness and obsolete dejection. 
Man breeds ignorance and fatality. 
Empty eyes and a soul forsaken, an intellect like zero, 
reasons for pandemic genocide. 
Human trash, wasted flesh, is that what you wanna be? 
Practise what you preach.

In despite of development from chaos humanity has degenerated 
in relation to the primordial state. 
Misconception and misinterpretation of values, 
surrounds you like a mental drape.

You stink - that`s how you are. 
You reek - that`s what you`re at. 
You are mentally dead - that`s what you`ve become. 
You are matter without content - that`s what you`re all about. 
And you thought you were the highlight of the ladder of evolution?

No matter if you do your best, 
it`s still a worm world with you in the middle of the viper`s nest.

