
1. Psyklon Aeon
Congregation unity; faint as your ideology
Concentrate all in sterility
Morals runs riot in an endless variety
Of fragmentary post-solidarity

Never share the effort, symmetry in lines
Will the Providence ever grace you from all the lies?
Dishonour any corruption, favour only redemption
Voluntary subordination, engage in contemplation

You base it all on hierarchy
No wonder it'll turn into fucking anarchy
Detachment of continuity
Revolving around an ever growing susceptibility

Heading towards the Psyklon-Aeon
The last analysis will forever be perishable
That's how we would execute any cosmological society
On behalf of further reliability

This is all what your life is worth
You better pray it'll be short

2. Core Solution
Default by any means - competence and skill
Keep acting like you care still
Gathered in pride, howling of joy
Why don't you realize you're short of a decoy?

Illusion - Hibernation of mind
Retribution - one of a kind
In all honesty; no failure in breed
No one would never let them be freed

Constitutional right? - A fucking lie
An even fight? - not in a lifetime
A single individual and no one cares
A whole of community and everyone fears

Core solution or anything that matters
Core revolution and anything shatters
Nature's self throbbing by human impact
Off the shelves, never to regain in fact

3. Subtle Manipulation
Subtle manipulation, it all comes down to accommodation
Integrity of belief, integrity of behaviour
You reckon they are your saviour?

A generation of no return, howling, it becomes eternity
In a brief history of time
Does it at any rate indicate your maturity?

Disown the disorder; what about your past?
Negate and agitate; did you hope it would last?
Mind-control terminology at any level
Be sure they'll disconnect the rebel

Did you comprehend the vast chain of being?
Did you reach the inner (other)-worldly council?
Draw into yourself all the sensation
And see if it is your collective nation

Subtle manipulation, it all comes down to accommodation
Integrity of belief, integrity of behaviour
You reckon they are your saviour?

4. Two Thousand Years
Two thousand years of unrealised eschatology
No hold for divine dispensation
Obey through my external service
Value my redemptive power

Feel so much gratitude,
Only levelled by relative magnitude
Chiliasm proved by doctrinal code
Millenarism to be established by utter instinctual mode

Two thousand years of morals as figure,
Taught individually by example
Never share with me your disclaims,
Picture only what you're worth
In all your incompleteness

Condemnation could only be revealed through liberation
Apocalyptic as in clear-cut context
No more words needed, final result is man
As he shall ever be; striving, acting and suffering

5. No Name Above The Names
Planets beyond numbers; worlds concealed by faith
Our thoughts will turn the sublunary worldview straight
Order in chaos from an indefinite system
One step mistaken and the great scale is broken

Every star, a world of its own
The earth being the greatest of them all
Movement from alienation to reconciliation
A subject of degradation

These illustrious worlds and all the more
Considered as being the inner core
The full creation leaves a geocentric treasure
Make yourself grow to greatness beyond measure

A universe built on corporeal centre and boundary
Do you conceive the impossibility?
Religion turned freelance, no name above the names
It's all build on your feeble frames

6. The Prophetic Method
A synthesis of collective existence
A dialectic of the old order and the new world
Demise; a fall of Absolutes
Imminence; a choir of celestial flutes

Discontinuity between the two domains
Forever and always reigns
Plain logic strategy, it will be
Simply psychology, as anyone can see

Deconstruction, a tool for demonising
Credibility and hope find itself rising
Reconstruction; it demands authority and action
By which the population will only see a fraction

Social constructionism; questioned through all times
Just like the fall of shattered mines
The prophetic method; liminal and in between worlds
Challenging the symbolic order, listen as it hurts

7. Specimen Eruption
Growth; is that what it takes?
Disintegration; a world full of snakes
This is Machiavellian Strategy,
An extensive form of tragedy

Evolution; countercharge the ambivalence
Devolution; create your own malevolence
No more mercy, hold your mind
A culmination of which anything you won't find

Origin of a concealed fate,
It means we cannot go at any rate
This is death, this is life
Is this what existence all will be like?

As pitiful as you will ever be
Open your eyes and you will finally see
My omnipotence, no more accessible
It will only make you more feeble

Challenge; constraint of my aggression
Only obtained through concession
Response; obey through authority
I could only conform to negativity

Origin of a concealed fate
It means we cannot go at any rate
This is death, this is life
Is this what existence all will be like?

8. Electric Current
Worlds onto planets, existence built on faith
We are the generation of the earth, mastered at any rate
We are the people of the stars, mansions of the moon
Come take us home where we belong
Take us home once and for all

This is what we agreed on in plenum,
Resulting in defection through vacuum
Sanctions through my ever-lasting philosophy
Ideology starting from within
Ending in our mind-created brave new world

Withdrawal from the world,
Returning to the final firmament
Children of a proclaimed mind-pattern
Victims of mental cosmos and winter

Worlds onto planets, existence built on faith
We are the generation of the earth, mastered at any rate
We are the people of the stars, mansions of the moon
Come take us home where we belong
Take us home once and for all
We will never return again

